2. Discuss what development methodology you will use and why? (2 points)
  For this project we are planning on using the agile over the waterfall methodology, because of the faster development process speed provided by the agile methodology. In this project a lot of requirements and details have already been provided by the client, therefore, it is imperative that there is a constant collaboration with the stakeholders, which is one of the main advantages of the agile methodology. Moreover, since the agile methodology manages a project by breaking it up into several phases any required changes can be made easily without disrupting the final product. This method would also provide an opportunity for client feedback allowing developers to make smooth changes as mentioned before. 
  Since agile method is iterative, incremental, and at the end of each increment we’re releasing the results, producing it to customers, means that they don't have to wait all the way till the end to see the end product, since they can give us the feedback, they can also find some bugs or issues that will also give us time to fix those while they are working through the process. Leads to good quality, quick results. The Extreme Programming framework of agile method would be suitable to use for our product, since the phases can be done in very small iterations and in each iteration we can add more customer-friendly values or features to the software as customers start using it and give their feedback. 
